Adds information about process (#1196)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/translations.md

- [Join the iOS translation team](https://lokalise.com/signup/834452985a05254348aee2.46389241/all/)
- [Join the Android translation team](https://lokalise.com/public/145814835dd655bc5ab0d0.36753359/)

> Translations are downloaded from Lokalise on every build, so both major and minor releases will have the latest translations available. For more information about the translation editor and tools, please see the [Lokalise translate and collaborate documents](https://docs.lokalise.com/en/collections/2909016-translate-and-collaborate).

Reviewer: I think that doesn't match the current goal of this paragraph. Maybe move it below it to its own paragraph instead.

Author: Agree, a bit to quick there. Fixed now.

- [Join the iOS translation team](https://lokalise.com/signup/834452985a05254348aee2.46389241/all/)
- [Join the Android translation team](https://lokalise.com/public/145814835dd655bc5ab0d0.36753359/)

For more information about the translation editor and tools, please see the [Lokalise translate and collaborate documents](https://docs.lokalise.com/en/collections/2909016-translate-and-collaborate).

> Translations are downloaded from Lokalise on every build, so both major and minor releases will have the latest translations available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translations are downloaded from Lokalise on every build, so all major, minor, beta releases and nightly builds will have the latest translations available. 
```
